# Image grid

Simple script that allows to choose many images from a given folder and return a new image with the chosen images laid out on a grid.

The script asks for a path to the folder containing the images. The output image will be saved in the same folder.

Then the user is asked to give a name for the output file. Both this and the directory path can be set inside the script to avoid re-entering the inputs each time.

## image parameters

### input images

After providing a valid path to a directory, all the images found on the directory are diplayed on the console as a list, with each file associated to an index. The user is then asked to select the indices corresponding to the images they want to appear on the grid. The order of the indices determines the order in which the images will be laid out.

### grid dimensions

The user is asked to set the number of rows and columns for the grid. If the total number of spaces on the grid is bigger than the number of selected images, the output image should leave blank spaces (untested)

If the selected images have different dimensions, each grid space will have the maximum dimensions out of the files on the list.

### scale and resize

Finally the user is asked wether they want to scale down the final image. Indeed, since the output image is generated by concatenating the selected input images, the output image might be a lot larger than what is desired. Therefore the user can enter either one integer to scale down the image by that number, or two integers to set the new dimensions of the output image.

## input verification

the script features simple input verification to make sure the user enters valid data
